Natalie Reyes
11/25/2025

The Disney Phase

When I was little, I was completely obsessed with Disney movies. First, I watched every single Disney movie multiple times. Second, I had all the merchandise, including toys, clothes, and books. Third, I would pretend to be different Disney princesses every day. I thought Disney movies were the best thing ever, and I would talk about them constantly. I would sing the songs all the time, and I thought I was being creative, but I was probably just being annoying.

Now it is embarrassing because I am thirteen years old, and I realize how childish that was. However, the movies were designed for little kids, and I was watching them when I was way too old for them. Therefore, I realize now that the stories were very simple, and I thought they were the most complex narratives ever created. My friends would probably make fun of me if they knew how much I loved them. I still like some Disney movies, but at least now I watch other things too, not just Disney all the time.

What makes it worse is that I was so serious about it. For example, I would get upset if someone said a Disney movie was not good, and I would try to explain why it was actually perfect. In addition, I had this whole collection of Disney items, and I would organize them very carefully. I thought this showed that I was organized and responsible, but now I realize it just showed that I was too focused on something meant for little kids. Furthermore, I would correct people if they did not know all the Disney facts, and I thought I was being helpful, but I was probably just being annoying.

The most embarrassing part is that my parents have videos of me doing Disney character impressions. I would dress up and act out scenes from the movies, and I thought I looked like a real princess. However, I probably just looked like a little kid playing dress-up. My older sister still mentions this sometimes, and she will be like "Remember when you thought you were a Disney princess?" and I have to pretend I do not remember. But I do remember, and it is so embarrassing.

In conclusion, that is my embarrassing thing. A Disney phase where I thought Disney movies were the most important thing ever. I know it is not that bad, but it is still embarrassing because I realize how seriously I took something meant for little kids. I guess everyone has things like that when they are little, but mine was just so extra. The lesson I learned from this is that it is okay to like things, but you should not take them too seriously. Also, it is important to grow up and realize that there are other things in life besides the things you loved when you were little. Therefore, I am glad I have moved on from that phase, but I still feel embarrassed when I remember how much I cared about it.


