Maya Thompson
11/10/2025

The Cat Phase

When I was younger, I used to be really, really into this cartoon show about talking cats. I mean, really into it. I had all the stuffed animals, and I would pretend to be one of the characters for a whole summer. I think I was maybe seven or eight, which doesn't seem that long ago, but it feels like forever now. The thing is, I still like cats, but this show was different. It was like when you're little and you think plain white bread is the best thing ever, but then you grow up and you realize there's so much more to baking. That's kind of how I feel about this show now.

Now it's embarrassing because everyone knows about it. My mom still has pictures of me dressed up as one of the characters for Halloween, and my older cousin teases me about it sometimes. When she brings it up, I just want to disappear. It's like when you bake something and it doesn't turn out right, and you have to serve it anyway, and everyone can see your mistake. That's how I feel about this whole thing. I wish I could just erase those photos, but they're still there, reminding me of something I thought was cool but now makes me cringe.

I think what makes it embarrassing is that I was so serious about it. I wasn't just watching it—I was living it. I would only eat from a special cat bowl, and I would meow instead of talking sometimes. I thought I was being clever, but now I realize I was just being embarrassing. It's like I was following a recipe that everyone else knew was wrong, but I kept adding ingredients anyway. I would get upset if people didn't call me by my cat character's name, which seems so silly now.

The worst part is that I still have one of the stuffed animals hidden in my closet. I can't bring myself to get rid of it, which is embarrassing in itself. It's like keeping a burnt cookie that you know you should throw away, but you can't because you remember how excited you were when you first made it. That's probably the most embarrassing part—that I can't let go of something that makes me cringe now.

I guess the reason it's embarrassing now is because I'm supposed to be more mature. I'm in seventh grade, and seventh graders don't pretend to be cartoon cats. We read graphic novels and think about real things. We don't meow at people. At least, I don't think we do. Looking back, I realize that being obsessed with a kids' show isn't the worst thing in the world, but it still makes me feel embarrassed when I think about how serious I was about it.
